more tag cleanup (#4467)
elastic/docs-content: troubleshoot/elasticsearch/security/trb-security-saml.md

Some of the common SAML problems are shown below with tips on how to resolve these issues.

:::{note}

> This topic describes troubleshooting SAML SSO at the deployment or cluster level, for the purposes of authenticating with a {{kib}} instance. To learn about SAML SSO, for your organization or orchestrator, refer to the following topics:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This topic describes troubleshooting SAML SSO at the deployment or cluster level to authenticate with a {{kib}} instance. To learn about SAML SSO for your organization or orchestrator, refer to the following topics:
```
